Hi! This project I deciided to take on is called "Lets Get Quizzical". My original idea for this project was to make a trivia game as those are some of my favorite group/party activites and design something that could be played on one's own or with friends. I initially thought it would make most sense to create a GUI using pythons built in function tkinter but after a few days of tinker-ing with tkinter I started to realize that it wasnt going to fully co-operate with my operating system. So then I made the switch to Pygame which meant going back and learning the basic features of that working with several tutorials to pad out a simple version of the project I set out to create. What I learned most in this mix up is how important scaling a project is and how tough it can be to set goal posts for a project when just beginning, especially when its something youve never done before. I realized this week that most things cant be done in just a short amount of time and takes a lot of effort, research, instruction to fill out the many different aspects of creating a functional game including the boilerplate code on how to set up the user interface and keep the game loop going, to printing words on the scree, to setting a background color etc. 

Right now I am at a place in the project where I have been able to set up the quizzes themselves. With more time I want to make the game look a little more cheerful with some static titles on the screens in a fun font, I also want to tether multiple quizzes together using a main menu screen. Im currently in the process of working on this menu screen and figuring out how to make buttons move the players from screen to screen. At some point I would also like to make function the randomizes the questions so the user doesnt know whats coming next. I know now that this will definitly take more than just a week to figure out completely but this is a project i really enjoy working on and plan to pad out even past this phase. I think with more time ill be able to make a game that fully functional and fun to play.